Today
Set game context for logs in yowking
  use loggorus wrapped in logging package
  








...Overview...
Featrues
  engine module in yow now in go API
    xx can I put go bin outside of wine? 
    use enginewrap
    getMoves
    setLogLevel

  gin endpoints for yowbot engine commands
  basic move endpoint with personality vars
  calibrations?
    load calibration files?
    have calibrations come in trhough api
  x opening books?
    x turn node book reader into its own callable exe
      x use pkg to do packaging
      x pipe in book name and moves
      x can also use it to validate move?
      x call book reader from king service
  game moves validation??
  personalitiy move endpoints
  cli commands?

rzen
  setup Docker 
  traefik container
  speed throttling
  calibration containers
  yowking containers
  calibrations
  x window key backup
  x install debian
  x setup ssh
  test hardware
  setup registry?

Security
  https
  JWT security?
    token endpoint authed through lichess
    jwt validation middleware

Best Practices
  test
  enviroment vars

Scaling service
  kubernetes scaling?
  use nginx?

Presentation
  Diagram of entire YOW system
  a bot tournament?
    simple bot tournamnent in yowfront?

Ideas and Interest for project
intersest in grpc
interest in using api gatway security

...done...
x Use Books 
x Write some tests
x Kubernetes
x test h2 on localhost
  x self signed cert
  x gin ssl self singe cert
x https on kuberntes
x game from web board
x multipel games
x build api
x connect to engine
x connect to book builder
? connect to calirations
x temp fix for enginewrap throwing errors
x fix make docalibrate 
x pull from my own registry
 x ssh tunne? not needed
 x create a docker registry service 
  x used canister
x yowking use env PORT
x yowking use clocks.json
x yowking move que
x https on proxy
x docker run yowking script
  x list of logic cpus for real cores 
  x connect to traefik
x create a kingworker
  x GET move-req from yowkking
  x POST move-res to yowking



.........stash..............
nats traefik endpoint
kingapi api uses nats
yowapi behind nats
fix yowbackup
one compose file for whole system
deploy whole system to zen
yowbot engine mod pass through to yowking api
yowking log levels with silent engine option
handle stuck engine move timeout
yowking disallow empty jwt secret
all containers one script




RabbitMQ: RabbitMQ is one of the most widely deployed open source message brokers. It supports multiple messaging protocols, message queuing, delivery acknowledgement, flexible routing to queues, and multiple exchange type.

Apache Kafka: Apache Kafka is a distributed streaming platform designed to handle real-time data feeds with high throughput and low latency. It can publish, subscribe, store, and process streams of records in real time.

Redis Pub/Sub: Redis, primarily known as a data structure store, also provides a pub/sub system. It's simple to use but it does not provide a lot of the advanced features that other messaging systems do, such as persistent storage or message acknowledgment.

NATS: NATS is a simple, high performance open source messaging system for cloud native applications, IoT messaging, and microservices architectures.

Mosquitto (MQTT): Mosquitto is an open source message broker that implements MQTT protocol versions 5.0, 3.1.1 and 3.1. MQTT is a lightweight pub/sub messaging protocol designed for M2M (Machine to Machine) telemetry in low bandwidth environments.

Apache Pulsar: Apache Pulsar is a cloud-native, distributed messaging and streaming platform that manages hundreds of billions of events per day. It was originally developed by Yahoo.